A chief wears this anchor right here. A Chief is basically the supervisor
of the enlisted side of the operational portion of the ship. He's
actually been in the Navy for a long time. Most Chiefs become Chiefs
after about twelve years or maybe fourteen years. Some of the hot
runners can become Chiefs after eight years but basically, no matter
what, number one, they're really good at their job, number two, they
have the support of the officers to make sure that they can take
care of the plants themselves and number three, they have really good
expertise and years in doing what they've been doing. So, they can
be trusted to actually tell you what to do because they've done it
so many times themselves.